Skip Mode (#755)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/troubleshooting.rst

If you need to access files from a remote platform (e.g. 2-stage ``fcm_make``),
ensure that a task has submitted to it before you do so. If needed you can use

> a blank "non-functional" task to ensure that remote installation is completed *before*

Author: ```suggestion
a blank :ref:`dummy task` task to ensure that remote installation is completed *before*
```

you run any tasks which require this e.g:

.. code-block:: cylc-graph

>    non_functional => fetch_files

Reviewer: As noted above, not sure "non-functional" is good terminology.

If you need to access files from a remote platform (e.g. 2-stage ``fcm_make``),
ensure that a task has submitted to it before you do so. If needed you can use

> a blank :term:`dummy task` task to ensure that remote installation is completed *before*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a blank :term:`dummy task` to ensure that remote installation is completed *before*
```
